Add General/Routing, Issue #281 (#502)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/routing/routing.md

---
Title: 'Routing'

> Description: 'The process of deciding what path packets travel across a network is called routing.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Routing is the process of deciding what paths communication signals may take across one or more networks.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Networking'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn/introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> When one device communicates to another across a network, such as a PC communicating to a printer across a LAN, or a phone's web browser communicating to a web server over the Internet, there are generally multiple ways the signals, called packets, can travel from the source to the destination. The process of deciding what path packets travel across a network is called routing. The process of routing is executed by devices called routers that live on the network where there are junctions (nodes) between these various paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routing is the process of deciding what paths communication signals may take across one or more networks. This process is used in many scenarios related to computer networking, including:

- A PC communicating with a printer across a Local Area Network, or LAN.
- A phone's web browser communicating with a web server over the internet.

Through routing, these communication signals, called packets, can take multiple paths from the source to the destination.
```

> A router can be physical piece of hardware, or it can be software based. Software-based routers tend to be more limited in functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Routers

The process of routing is executed by devices known as  routers. They live on the network where there are junctions (nodes) between these various paths. Routers can either be physical pieces of hardware or software based, which tend to be more limited in functionality.
```

In deciding paths to route traffic, a router always has some default path to send traffic with no specific destination specified. For traffic with a specific destination, if there is more than one path, the router can make a decision on what path to use based on several criteria, which can include:

- Hop Count
- Bandwidth

> - Delay/Latency

Reviewer: Could be expand on what each of these items are in a full sentence?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Type of Routing

```

---
Title: 'Routing'
Description: 'Routing is the process of deciding what paths communication signals may take across one or more networks.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Networking'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn/introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

Routing is the process of deciding what paths communication signals may take across one or more networks. This process is used in many scenarios related to computer networking, including:

- A PC communicating with a printer across a Local Area Network, or LAN.
- A phone's web browser communicating with a web server over the internet.

Through routing, these communication signals, called packets, can take multiple paths from the source to the destination.

## Routers

The process of routing is executed by devices known as routers. They live on the network where there are junctions (nodes) between these various paths. Routers can either be physical pieces of hardware or software based, which tend to be more limited in functionality.

> In deciding paths to route traffic, a router always has some default path to send traffic with no specific destination specified. For traffic with a specific destination, if there is more than one path, the router can make a decision on what path to use based on several criteria, which can include:

Reviewer 2: Can we be explicit about what kind of traffic we're referring to here?

> In deciding paths to route traffic, a router always has some default path to send traffic with no specific destination specified. For traffic with a specific destination, if there is more than one path, the router can make a decision on what path to use based on several criteria, which can include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A router always has some default path to send network traffic if no specific destination is specified. For traffic with a specific destination, if there is more than one path, the router can make a decision on what path to use based on several criteria, which can include:
```

- Hop Count: The number of intermediate devices (routers) between the source and destination.
- Bandwidth: The maximum amount of data that can travel a route in a given period of time.
- Delay/Latency: The time between a signal sent on a route, and the response received.

## Type of Routing

There are several types of routing, based on the characteristics of the destination:

> - Unicast Routing: the packet is being sent to a single specified location.
> - Broadcast Routing: the packet is sent to all nodes on the network, even nodes that haven't requested it.
> - Multicast Routing: like broadcast routing, but packets are only sent to nodes that want them.
> - Anycast Routing: the destination consists of several devices with the same logical address, and the packet is routed to the closest of these devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unicast Routing: The packet is being sent to a single specified location.
- Broadcast Routing: The packet is sent to all nodes on the network, even nodes that haven't requested it.
- Multicast Routing: Similar to broadcast routing, but packets are only sent to nodes that want them.
- Anycast Routing: The destination consists of several devices with the same logical address and the packet is routed to the closest of these devices.
```
